Support cli - first release for testing (#171)
replicatedhq/kots-field-labs: instruqt/support-cli/03-collect-support-bundle/assignment.md

```
curl https://krew.sh/support-bundle | bash
```

Note: If the kubernetes cluster was kURL then the support-bundle plugin would have been pre-installed.

Then the bundle generation command:
```
kubectl support-bundle secret/default/kotsadm-support-cli-${INSTRUQT_PARTICIPANT_ID}-supportbundle --redactors=configmap/default/kotsadm-redact-spec/redact-spec,configmap/default/kotsadm-support-cli-${INSTRUQT_PARTICIPANT_ID}-redact-spec/redact-spec
```

Run both of the above commands now to generate the CLI support bundle.
Note that the support-bundle cli command launches a console ui to view the bundle contents

### 3. CLI Support Bundle Analysis

Note the help output from the support-bundle:

```
kubectl support-bundle --help
```

![supportcli-supbundle-help](../assets/supportcli-supbundle-help.png)

In the support bundle console UI, step through the issues and address them one by one.

Here is some sample output similar to what you should see in your environment:
![supportcli-supbundle1](../assets/supportcli-supbundle1.png)
![supportcli-supbundle4](../assets/supportcli-supbundle4.png)

### 4. Diagnose issues and fix application

> Based on the advice presented in the support bundle content, perform corrective action on the cluster..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the advice presented in the support bundle content, perform corrective action on the cluster.
```

<details>
  <summary>Open for a hint on config file issue</summary>

Scrolling to the failing check, we can review the error message:
![supportcli-supbundle2](../assets/supportcli-supbundle2.png)

Specifically, you'll see the error message:
```shell
Could not find a file at /etc/support/config.txt with 400 permissions
```

To fix this, run:
```shell
chmod 400 /etc/support/config.txt
```

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Open for a hint on the restraining-bolt issue</summary>

Scrolling to the failing check, we can review the error message:
![supportcli-supbundle3](../assets/supportcli-supbundle3.png)

Specifically, you'll see the error message:
```shell
Restraining bolt in /etc/support has short circuited the startup process. If you remove it, we might be able to launch the application.
```

We can remove this file with

```shell
rm /etc/support/restraining-bolt.txt
```

</details>

### 5. App Status Check - CLI

Check the status of the application services via the cli

```
kubectl get all
```

> The nginx pod should be in *Running* state, it can take some time for it to loop after it has backed off so it can be deleted and the replica set will replace with a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nginx pod should be in *Running* state, it can take some time for it to loop after it has backed off so it can be deleted and the replicaset will replace with a new one.
```
